We got 32.7 million views on YouTube
this month. Here is how. So, I posted
35,000 pieces of content this year. We
did a $100 million book launch for $100
million money models. In 72 hours, 3
days, we did over $100 million in sales.
The issue that most people struggle with
is that you're making not enough
content, number one, and the types of
content that you're making are not
attracting the types of customers you
want. The promise that I have for you
today is that I will show you a
framework that I have called SPCL, like
special if you want, but it's how to
build influence rather than how to get
as many views as possible or anything
like that. All right? All right, but
it's a four-part framework and I want to
break down each of the four components
for you so that you can think about how
you want to approach making content. All
right, and building a brand in general.
SPCL, these are letters and hopefully
overhead cam works. All right, so S P C
L. So what do these actually stand for?
All right, so number one is status. And
this is why you hear me talk about proof
so much. But how do you define status
from an operational perspective? For
those of you who are new to the channel,
I like to operationalize things. Meaning
like I like to look at objective reality
and describe how you would see it with
your eyes rather than try and put a
whole bunch of like emotional words
around stuff because these are the like
that type of language is what confused
me for a very long time when I was
coming up. And it was only after I
started defining things by what I could
see, what I could observe did reality
feel like sharper, more crisp to me. And
my ability to predict what was going to
happen next increased by a lot. And so
this is why I I talk in this way. So how
do I find status? So status is someone
who controls reinforcers in a given
environment. So that's a little bit
fancy word, but fundamentally if you
control the good stuff that people want,
then you will have status no matter what
it is, right? And so the simplest
example I have is like if you go to a
bar and it's a busy bar and there's a
bartender and you have to get the
bartender attention in order to get a
drink or booze, that guy in that moment
has status. He controls a scarce
resource, right? But if that guy walks
out of the bar no longer controlling
that scarce resource, he does not have
the same status or even close to it,
right? like outside of the bar, he's not
getting tips every every single 5
seconds when he like moves his hands a
little bit and like says something nice.
People aren't waving money at him as he
walks in the street. Of course not. It's
because he has status in one condition
and he doesn't have another. Now, what's
interesting about all four of these
elements that I'm going to break down,
they all can work independently, but the
idea is that you want all four to be
stacked together. And this is what gives
you the most influence, right? So, like
any of these four on their own would
give you influence. Like that bartender,
if he just says that, he would have some
level of influence. And I'll give you a
different example of this. If a kid
inherits money, right, they're going to
have uh status, right? Like if you just
if you have money, even if you didn't
earn it, even if you didn't anything, if
you have money, you will have some
degree of status because you control
something other people want. Period.
That's how it works. All right? But
would that kid who has money have the
same status as a kid who has money who
also gave you, you know, 10 different
cryptocoin picks that all popped off,
right? Well, if he gave you 10 different
picks and you followed them and they all
popped off, how much more influence
would that person have over them saying,
"Hey, you should put money in this." Or,
"Hey, you should, you know, give me
money for XYZ or whatever it is."
Obviously, I'm talking money because I'm
I'm a business person first, but like
think about how much more influence
version two would have with just two of
those things versus version one. That's
the difference. But if you have all
four, that's when you get you become
super sad. So, status is number one. So,
you control scarce resources. Power is
number two. I would say if I had to only
pick one, I would pick power. And I'll
explain why.
Power comes from something in the
behavioral dynamics world called say do
correspondence. What that means is if I
say something and then you do it and
then a good thing occurs, a reinforcing
event happens afterwards. You are more
likely to comply with a following
request. Right? So said differently. I
gave you the example of the guy who
says, "Hey, here's 10 stock picks." You
buy them and then a good thing happens.
The thing goes up. Great. So that person
has status and power which is why they
are more influential than the trust fund
kid who just has money. And so to the
same degree for many of you who are
trying to make content one it's like
okay status I want to demonstrate that I
control a scarce resource that some
people might want right um and so what
makes this a little bit more muddied is
that sometimes one event can check
multiple boxes. And so I'll give you a
simple example. When we launched the
book we did 100 million plus in sales.
That in and of itself, me having money
from the event gives me status. Me
saying, "Hey, you can launch stuff in
this way gives me credibility, right?
Because I show that I have an event, I
have something that has happened as a
result of me doing it, that gives me
third party credibility. There's
something that you can observe with your
eyes, right? The reason that my ads do
well when I have my, you know, $10
million building behind me is like, oh,
well, that's hard to fake, right? And
so, you have credibility there. And so,
one event like selling a company can
give you money. It can give you
credibility. And then if I give people
directions on how they can do things
that are similar and then good things
happen, then all of a sudden you get
power. And then the last is likeness. I
know I'm skipping around, but hey, we're
live. We're having a good time. All
right. And so credibility is number
three.
And I'm going to go in more detail on
all these. All right. And then likeness.
So what's likeness? So likeness is that
you see some this is some people say
relatability. This can be both uh
psychological in terms of you share
similar values with this person. you
like you like their vibe, whatever you
want to say, right? You like their
behavior set and it and that behavior
set matches to people who have been
positive in your life in the past. Or
they literally just look like you,
right? So like Leila and I could talk
about the exact same stuff, but she's a
girl and so she's going to have more
chicks who follow her than me. And for
the for the few ladies who do follow me,
I appreciate you. I really do. Uh but I
have like an 89% male audience. And so
maybe it's it's because of the topic.
But I would think, you know, at my
onset, I think, oh, it's because I talk
about money and I talk about business,
that's why I have a more male audience.
But Laya, I think, is like 54% female.
and she talks about almost exclusively
money and business. Um obviously she
talked about some mindset stuff too but
I I say this to say okay if we have
these four things and these are the
things that create influence and I would
define influence as um high likelihood
of compliance with requests. So what
does that mean? So, if I say, "Hey, you
know, grab my new book." Or I say, "Hey,
come to this webinar." "Hey, I'm going
live. Like, come check it out." Or,
"Hey, you should come to a workshop."
Whatever it is, right? You make some
sort of solicitation, and it could be
like or subscribe, it doesn't matter.
Like there's levels of how quot big of
an ask something is. If anybody's played
like a video game, it's like you have
like a role for like Dungeons and
Dragons, and it like depends on how how
charismatic, how much influence you
have, how high of a role or how low of a
role rather, you'd need in order to be
successful with the request, right? And
so if you want to stack that stat for
you, then if you want to minmax your
influence, if you will, then you want to
stack all four of these things. Okay,
you're like, "Okay, I think I'm I'm
following with this." So how does this
relate to content? So first off,
starting from the back, likeness, I
think so much more of it is just like
just be you. There's zero ROI in trying
to be or act in a way that is different
than who you are. It's it's a relatively
trit message, but like most people are
NPCs. Most people say pre-recorded
scripts. They look at like the four
different outfit, you know, combinations
that exist for different kind of mental
stereotypes. It's like, "Oh yeah, guy
who loves barbecue and craft beers. Oh
yeah, that's that that's that archetype.
I'm just going to be that archetype." Or
you've got like hipster bro who likes
hipster right? Or you've got uh
you know like just bro, right? You've
got just like stir bro. And people
somewhat put me in that status, but I
also like for a few years was wearing
like sandals that look like really
weird. And I wore those and that was not
broy at all, but like I wore them cuz
they were super comfortable and I didn't
have to like wear socks, which is a big
thing for me. Anyways, but point is like
I think what makes you unique if is if
you actually lean into the the nuances
that make you you and actually have a
way to defend why you do what you do.
Because most people don't even think
about why they do what they do. And if
you do things and you don't know why,
it's not it's because you're following
someone else's directions for your life
rather than your own. weird like real.
And so so much of us have been
programmed by people earlier in our
lives. And I say programmed as though
we're like machines, but what person do
you think in your life has super high
max status, power, credibility, and
likeness? Maxed out earlier on in your
life. It's your parents, right? It's
your parents. So think about all four of
these elements. Status. Do your parents
control scarce resources? Things you
want? They've got money and they've got
toys that they can buy you. They've got
food. They have act like they control
your shelter. Like they have huge
amounts of status in your life because
they control all the scarcest resources,
all the things you want. These are not
binaries. So don't think like, oh, I
have status. I don't have status. It's
to what degree do you have status,
right? Like if somebody's got more money
than you, they might have some status.
If you've got $1 and someone's got 10
grand, they got more status than you,
right? But if someone's a billionaire,
they have way more status than the guy
who's 10,000, right? So again, think not
in binaries, yes or no, but think in
continuums. So the next one is think
about your parents power. How many
reinforcement cycles do you assume that
your parents had from the time you were
born? And when I say reinforcement
cycles, it means like they said do this.
You did that thing and then a good thing
happened. Now, you might be like, I hate
my dad or hate my mom or whatever your
thing is. I don't really care. That
doesn't matter for this purpose. The
idea is that they probably said don't go
in the street or don't do that and you
avoided a bad thing or do this and then
a good thing happened, right? You tied
your shoes the first time. You put the
two bunny ears together. You tied your
shoes. Good thing happened. They you
followed their directions. Think about
how many times a parent has given you
directions and you followed them and a
bad thing was avoided or a good thing
happened. Many. And so it makes sense
that not only do they have a lot of
status, they have a lot of power. What
else do they have? Credibility. Now,
this is one where I think parents
sometimes might lack compared to the
other things. If you have a parent who
also has credibility in that specific,
you know, realm of whatever it is that
they're talking about, then you have
even more influence on you. And then
finally, for a parent, are they like
you? Yeah, they literally look like you,
right? And often times they share
similar values to you to a degree.
Obviously, some people just go polar
opposite from their parents. That's
fine. But I'm talking in sweeping
generalities for most people. This
should at least explain or break down
like why do parents have so much power
over us? How how do they have so much
influence over our behaviors? You might
not even want to listen to your parents.
You might even like your parents, but
you can still feel that they you have to
like resist their requests because you
are so programmed based on these
elements of behavior to comply with
their requests. All right? And so then
the idea is how do we take these four
elements and then how do we reverse
engineer these into the content that we
have so that we can build up true
influence like and again we're defining
influence as the likelihood of a
compliance with a request, right? And
that likelihood will depend on the
nature of the request and how much your
SPCL is in relation to that thing.
Right? If I was giving out fashion tips,
I probably don't have a lot of
credibility for fashion tips, right? I
don't know if I control any scarce
resources around fashion. I have no I
have no fashion hookups. Um I probably
haven't given anyone specific fashion
tips. I have no third party anything for
credibility for it. And you probably
don't look like me. And so like I
probably would have very low influence
to some degree they can generalize as
you go up and up and up but um you have
more influence in domain specificity. If
we know these are the four things,
status, power, credibility, likeness,
then for each of these things in our
videos, right, we want to demonstrate
that we control scarce resources. And so
for me, like at the very beginning, if
you think about what the intro was,
right, so I said we did, you know, $32.7
million views and we did overund, you
know, 5 something million in sales for
the book launch in 72 hours. And so
that's me demonstrating status. I have
these things, right? Then power. So,
what I'm going to do in this video is
I'm going to break down four things. So,
you can follow and if you follow these
things, you're going to be more likely
to get people going to comply with your
future requests. And so, that means that
they're not just going to watch your
video, but they're going to be more
likely to one, watch a next video. And
if you have any kind of call to action
in the video, whatever level of call to
action that is for you, whether it's
subscribe or like or share or or, you
know, buy something that's small or you
know, set up or call or whatever it is
that you sell, then this is going to be
second, right? like uh that you you'll
have included that in your content. So
then credibility is going to be the
third party stuff. So the reason that I
had at my launch for example, I had
Guinness, I had to pay those judges uh
to be on site was because I wanted to
validate that the the books that we did
and the revenue that we generated was
legit, right? So I had a a third party
that most people um respect as like a
legitimate corporation that their entire
business is based on trust that they
validate and verify proof that these
records were broken. And so that gives
credibility. The likeness piece, like I
said earlier, is just you being you,
right? And so that's why I'm actually
super pumped to do these live streams
because this is like I honestly hate
making YouTube videos. What I mean that
is like staring at a camera and having
like, you know, prompts to, you know,
solicit me to say stuff. Like I will do
it because I have a relatively high pain
tolerance and I'll do what is required
to get what I want. But like I'm I'm
going all in on this. So if you guys are
like, "What's Alex's kind of like media
strategy for the future?" I'm I'm I'm
focusing on two words. You can write
this down. live interactive. Those are
the two things that's that is describing
the uh ACQ, you know, 3.0 or Mosy Media
3.0 vision for what's going forward.
Like that is what I'm focusing on. And
I'll tell you a story of why why I think
this is so interesting. So, I had a
conversation with a mega influencer. I
don't think you would mind um with Mr.
Beast a few weeks ago and we were
talking about kind of like the future of
media and content. One of the things
that he was just talking about was um
this soccer game that came up uh that
they do like UK versus US. What ends up
happening is that they have all these
different celebrities or influencers
from different platforms, right? And so
starting from the lowest the lowest
people on this little totem pole, they
would walk out in the stadium and this
became the kind of the def de facto like
measuring stick for who had who had the
most cool points, right? These are the
A-listers. And so this is your typical
kind of celebs from like movies and like
90s and the 2000s or whatever, right?
people like they recognize cuz they're
celebs, but like they don't have like
huge I guess they have some media
presence, but it's more like traditional
media. The level of applause for these
guys was almost nothing. Barely anyone
cared. So then the next level that came
up was the shorts, the shorts creators.
So this is your like only Tik Tockers or
people who only make reals, but like
only short videos. And so they had a
little bit more applause on the applause
meter compared to the A-listers. Then
the long form guys came out and this is
when the audience got way rowdier. All
right, so this is your podcasters, your
YouTubers, the people who make long form
pieces of content. And I'm going to
pause here for a second to kind of like
highlight why I think this is. I don't
think there's anything wrong with
shorts. We make tons of shorts. But I
see the purpose of shorts as many times
a way to get someone to watch a long,
right? They watch a couple a couple
shorts and then think, "Okay, this guy
seems legit or this gal seems legit. I'm
going to risk my time." Because that's
the risk. They're making an investment,
right? you're making an investment
today. I will risk I'm going to get a
good return on this, right? And so
shorts then lead to longs. But let me
show you the difference from an
influence perspective. How many
reinforcing cycles do you think you can
have in 30 seconds compared to 2 hours?
It's like not even close. And so if
someone watched two 1-hour pieces of
content for me, period, okay, two 1 hour
pieces, 120 minutes for me to get that
same level of exposure and kind of
cycles of reinforcement with a prospect
and they were only consuming shorts,
right? Let's say my average short, let's
say it's 15 seconds. So that means
that's four shorts per minute. So if I
have 120 minutes for longs, I have to do
someone would have to watch 480
shorts to have the same level of
exposure as watching 2 hours with me.
And think about how how important this
is. What were the things that people
said like this was the quote podcast
election. Trump went on and I don't care
about the politics behind it, but I do
care about influence and persuasion. And
so, like, why is it that the two
podcasts that I think really nudged this
election, my opinion is the Trump
three-hour plus podcast that he did with
Rogan like a week or whatever it was, I
think that was a huge influential event.
I think Elon getting on uh Tucker Tucker
Carlson and doing that interview. I
think those two interviews were some of
the interviews that really nudged the
election. And again, I don't care who
you voted for. It doesn't matter to me.
I think about this from marketing
persuasion, okay? And so because of
that, audiences who were not sure got to
spend three hours with a presidential
candidate and as a result, it just
nudged some of them in the direction to
ultimately vote. Okay, now back to our
little story. A-listers have almost no
applause. Shorts have slight applause.
Longs have legit applause. Then
the live streamers,
when the live streamers came out, it was
like the entire auditorium or stadium or
arena erupted.
And when I heard that, it was such a
visual example of I mean, we have this
saying which is like butts and seats. If
you just make a bunch of like meme
content, right, you demonstrate almost
none of these things. Some of you guys
are chasing views when what I think you
want is you want to have prospects who
are more likely to comply with a future
request. And so we need to change our
behavior to maximize the likely that
occurs. And so in in looking at this
thing, this is why I'm I'm telling you
like showing my cards, I'm going to be
doing more live streams. And I think is
also and this is me like outside of
SPCL, but I think like meta themes
overall. I think that the internet will
always move towards truth. And so I
think the A-listers, everything's super
curated, everything's super polished,
it's photoshopped, it's scripted, and as
you move closer this way, it's rawer.
Like you have a three-hour podcast, like
they're not scripted, right? Or most of
them aren't, right? Um streaming, it's
like, yeah, we're live, right? I can't
do anything. Like we're live. This idea
of of how can we approximate the rawest
reality of you us hanging out, right?
and actually going through this stuff. I
think that is what will unlock the most
influence as long as you are still
including these SPCL elements into it.
And I think that's the marriage. Do SPCL
and do it as many times as I possibly
can. That's the idea. And so live
streaming provides that that
opportunity. Let's also think about this
from a context of volume. Whether you
like him or not, Rogan, tremendous
influence, right? To the same degree.
PBD, tremendous influence. Uh Dave
Ramsey, tremendous influence. What is it
that these guys have in common? They're
putting out hours of content every
single day. So, I said earlier that we
had 35,000 pieces of content, right? I
hear plenty of times there's tons of,
you know, $1 million businesses, $2
million businesses, things like that.
They put out one piece of content a day,
right? And there's nothing wrong with
that. That's 365 pieces of content a
year. And if you think about the size of
acquisition.com in terms of our revenue,
right? compared to somebody who's doing
one or $2 million a year and they're
doing 365 pieces of content, we're just
quite literally doing a hundred times
more. And as a result of that 100 times
the volume, what do you think's
happening? We get a 100 times the
prospect. And so people want to try and
like outsmart themselves and thinking
that they can like not do the work
that's required, but it's actually far
more linear than you would expect. So
like we just know that like one out of
10, you know, shorts is going to go, you
know, is going to be a two or three
outlier. We just know what that math
looks like. Same thing for longs. How do
I just jam as much into that input
output machine as I possibly can? And as
long as I'm checking these boxes like
I'm making the right kind of content,
then you're going to get the right kind
of prospects. So, I'll give you one more
nugget like I said, which is that some
of you guys may have heard this and it's
a concept of
social media
is now turning into interest media.
Okay, so what does this mean? Let's
unpack this for a second. If you make
content and you judge it by views, I
think that's dumb. And I'll explain why.
If I have a a grandma in public come and
just do a running slap and just slaps me
across the face, that video will
probably get views. But does it get the
grandma views? No. Does it get me any
any more people who now believe more in
my stuff? No. But what it will do is it
will show it to people who are
interested in humor, which is a lot of
people, right? But those might not be
your customers, and they probably
aren't. So assuming you're not an
entertainer and you are somebody who's a
business person. If you sell services to
anyone, you're likely going to be an
educator, not an entertainer. Meaning
you're you're you're trying to provide
value to people to change their behavior
in some way. And ideally changing
behavior that gets them to walk closer
to you and buy stuff. Okay. So what do I
mean by social versus interest? If you
want to attract the right avatar, make
content for that avatar. That sounds so
obvious and simple. And the thing is
that no one does it because here's the
right or downer. The content is the
targeting. The algorithm is so good now.
It knows what you're talking about. It
it knows it can it can literally judge
your your background. It judges what
you're wearing. It judges who you are
and will display it to the people that
they know have a history of watching
content that is similar to that that
people find valuable. And so if you're
making stuff about how to fix pianos
because you're a piano repair guy, then
you will find people who are trying to
fix their pianos. But if you're making
that type of content, you might be like,
"Man, I'm only getting, you know, a,000
views a video." It's like, yeah, but the
market of people who are buying pianos
might be significantly smaller than the
market of people who just want to be
entertained or distracted. So, it's not
fair to to compare your views against
Mr. Beasts. It doesn't make any sense.
If I were to think to myself like, I
have a room of a thousand people that
are going to watch this and all of them
are only interested in fixing pianos.
That's a hell of an opportunity. I care
so much more about IRL responses. So,
what do I mean by that? If I make a
video and then I get texts from business
owners that I like and that I respect
being like, "Yo, that was fire." Then
I'm like, "Okay, I'm on the right
track." And so some of you guys, let me
know in the comments you guys have seen
um a format that we've talked about. We
call cash cows, but basically it's me,
there's a business owner that presents a
little bit about their business and they
come to this side and we talk about how
to like how to improve their business,
right? So let me know in the comments if
you like that style. And if you do, let
me know if you're a business owner or
not. Okay? So, uh like I like that style
and I'm not a business owner. I like
that style and I am a business owner. Or
I don't like that style and I'm a
business owner or I don't like that
style and I'm not a business owner. If
you are a business owner, when I have
people who are here in person, IRL, in
real life in Vegas, right? Business
owners who fly out. I ask, I say, "What
is your favorite type of content?"
Dollars to donuts. That's their favorite
type of content. And so, I make more of
that. Even though, and it would make
sense like it would make sense that
there's fewer of those people, right?
Just think about math. If you've got uh
if you got the whole population here,
let me I'll show you a little graph on
this. So let's say that 100% of people
like this represents 100%. Uh let's just
use USA because I already know all the
numbers for USA. Okay. So let's say this
is 100%. All right. You get 100% of
people are interested. Okay. Well, right
now only 9% of people even own a
business. Like 9%. So right off the bat
I'm going to have a huge percentage of
people that aren't my ideal audience.
Now, of course, I do have people who are
business interested and that's why I'm a
co-founder of school and we give people,
you know, a way to go uh start a
business online in in in a lowcost way,
right? Which you can do. It's n bucks a
month after a 14-day trial. You guys can
check it out. And there's a bunch of
like training and community and all that
good stuff. All right? But you can go
school.com, I think, for/orosi. I think
it's below this video. Doesn't matter.
Point big. 9% is what I'm competing for.
Okay? Now, that means there's about 32
to 33 million uh business owners in the
US. Okay? 32 million. That's that's 100%
of all business owners. Now, within
that, 95% of that 9%
is below $1 million in revenue. 95%.
Then I've got 5% of that 9% that are
over a million.
Now, if you want to get if you want to
get weird with it, what percent do you
think is over 10 million? 4%.
1 in 250. And then a hundred million,
nine figures, is I think one in roughly
3,000 depending on like your data
source. One in 3,000 businesses gets to
100 million a year.
This big. And so it would make sense
then that we've given these numbers,
right? 9% is is 32 million. So out of 5%
of that is only be a million and a half
people. There's only a million and a
half people who are business owners
doing over a million based on the math
that they that that this is Census
Bureau data. Maybe theirs isn't correct,
but that's the math, right? And so if
we're looking at that's the market, then
it would make sense that I'm not going
to get all 100% of them to watch my
video, right? If I got one and a half
million views and 100% of them were
business owners, that would be insane,
right? And so it would make sense that
like if I get 100,000 views on a video
that has that's really made for that
level of business owner, then I'm
crushing it, right? And it doesn't make
sense to look at, you know, Mr. Beast
video with 100 million views and be
like, "Oh man, I suck." It's like, dude,
we're going after we have different we
have different games, right? And so I'd
encourage you to create accurate
expectations of the size of the market
that you're going after and also think
about the translation of these numbers
into IRL. I have two businesses that I
looked at in the last year that were
doing over a million dollars a year with
less than 5,000 followers. You
absolutely can make plenty of money with
a very small following as long as you
make content that's directly valuable
for that following. All right, with that
being said, uh we just went over
SPCL, status, power, credibility, and
likeness. what you want to include in
your videos, why I'm going all in on
live stream, and why the whole point is
you want to get as much time with your
uh prospects as humanly possible. You
want to make the topics of your content
based on the things that those people
find interesting, not uh based on like
being social, but being interesting. And
if you get if you make it interesting
for them, they will keep watching it.
And then being realistic about your
expectations on how many views you can
get based on your size of